hey folks it's je From Evolution
Unleashed and today we're going to cut
through the and we're going to
have a very Frank discussion around the
opportunity that AI brings without
giving into the fear the worry and the
concern that AI is going to take all the
jobs right through to destroy Humanity
at the end of the day we have a brand
new
technology and very few people are using
it and only a very few people of those
very few people are getting into the
levels of AI that can make real
impact I'm going to show you something
in AI if you give me a few minutes that
you have never seen before and I'm going
to show you why I'm so excited about the
future and why I don't buy into a lot of
the doomeris and why I am focused on
providing a bridge for people who want
to learn Ai and to equip themselves with
the skills needed to navigate this
tsunami of disruption that is bearing
down on us at 100 miles an hour and look
we're woefully unprepared for it and
that's the mission that drives us
here but this opportunity that sits
before us folks is the biggest
opportunity you will ever see in your
lifetime AI is a significant game Cher
and the way we do business the way we do
marketing the way we do Education Health
it's all going to change and when change
happens there opportunity because humans
don't like change but it gets to the
point where we have to adapt to keep up
and we have an adoption curve from
Visionaries and early adopters which is
where we're at with AI now through to
mass adoption lards and then the the
left behind us so at the end of the day
folks you have a very Stark choice you
can lean into and embrace AI or you can
stick your head in the sand and keep
fighting it I'm not here to convince you
that you should Embrace AI but if you
are ready to embrace AI I am here to
give you a path forward that will create
more impact in your life than anything
you have done before except maybe
getting married and having children and
those kind of big life events that have
more meaning but in certainly in terms
of business I'm going to show you how to
create an impact and take advantage of
this massive blue ocean and this is a
way you would not have thought of this
is probably something you've never seen
before let's go take a look what I'm
talking about it's pretty scary in terms
of its
power so look this is a very short
prompt okay here's the prompt pretty
easy and it generates pages and pages
but I'm going to show you and give you a
glimpse of just what this is what is
this document so we can now upload
documents to chat GPT which is why I'm a
huge fan of chat GPT over other models
and gp4 happens to do this really well
and this is a do doent that has around
13,000 words all about me let me tell
you what it is attached is a document
labeled by context document and the
purpose of this document is to
meticulously it means uh with a lot of
detail really careful detail outline who
I am to an AI so basically it's going to
tell the AI the essence of what makes me
tick this is quite Innovative no 's
doing this this document will serve as a
comprehensive guide detailing my
personality traits my core beliefs my
values and distinctive wiring it's
designed to equip the AI with the
necessary insights to offer personalized
advice and strategies and goal setting
that resonate deeply with me the way I'm
wired my DNA this is something we've
never been able to do before sorry gurus
your age is ending it's the death of the
guru we're now moving into deeply
personalized Aid driven personal
development business development
anything AI is going to replace the
gurus so the ultimate aim of what I'm
doing here this little secret project
I've been running on the side is to
forge a path that's inherently aligned
what that means is it clicks with me
with my individual characteristics
creating a path for me that will take me
to towards the success that I Define as
success now the way you define success
may be different mine isn't defined by
money interestingly okay but success for
me I've defined it as something
different I won't go into that it's not
what this is about but what I'm asking
the ai ai to do is take all of this
information about me 12 and a half
thousand words very detailed it's got
some personality results in there it's
got some very deep psychographic
information it's a sort of very
confronting document to build but look
at what we can do with it we'll create a
strategy that will help me find the
perfect opportunity for approaching the
AI era in terms of business very simple
where's the opportunity that's wired for
me that I'm most likely going to be able
to achieve not something that's beyond
my skill set or has a lot of my blown
spots that sets me up for failure like
when you follow a guru's path that's
wired for them and not you you're
guaranteed almost to fail unless you're
wired just like them and you've got
about a 3 to 5% chance of being wired
like them and what do you know around 3
to 5% of people are successful through
Guru programs and the rest they're all
left scattered broken on the roadside
told it's your fault you didn't work
hard enough and it's all a Croc of beep
it really is thankfully those days are
coming to an end so I've asked it to
create a deeply personalized new
business strategy now I did this two
months ago when I was just back from
Chang Ma I worked on this for those that
have been following my journey what are
we now April so this is February so
we're only a couple of months into this
and you're going to see a few things if
you've been following our community and
you'll be like aha so I just asked it
for 10 ideas and it gave me Aid driven
personal development coaching oh my
goodness that's the one thing I wanted
to do when I was 20 I didn't tell it
that in this document but it identified
that as a core opportunity that's one
for the AI content creation for AI
literacy welcome to Evolution Unleashed
we're here to teach you about AI to
demystify it to make it easy and to give
you the onramp EG the skills skills
tools and resources you're going to need
to learn AI like in our group we have
free uh prompt structure training and
we've got a guide section that has a
bunch of different resources prompts and
things that will help you start
extracting real value from these AI
models in a way that creates actual
impact and not just fluff so it gives me
a whole lot of options here this isn't
the exciting part folks this is just the
beginning this is just one prompt okay
and you won't believe how far it goes
now when it gets to the end it didn't
say end
of uh overall output and I have this
wonderful let me show you this wonderful
custom instructions this is something
you need to be aware of I have some very
powerful Uh custom instructions that
incorporates first principal thinking
tree of thought Chain of Thought and
multi-dimensional stuff probably anyway
let's not be bored with all of that okay
and I try and tell it not to use words
but anyway the point is that in my
custom instructions it's able to do a
lot of deep extra work but what I want
to show you if I can find this second
box
gosh don't you love
it oh it helps if I click in it
apparently I just want to show you this
part to be continued indicates an
incomplete output due to token
limitations please answer the questions
means it's going to ask me questions and
when it needs context and end of overall
output signifies a conclusion of a
comprehensive multi-art response that's
what we're in here a multiart response
so it keeps going and I can just say
please continue and now it's going to
continue with the tailored business
strategy for JJ that's
me and it goes into each of those 10 and
it keeps developing them layer by layer
by
layer let's continue building on the
foundation let's focus on practical
steps potential challenges and
strategies for growth and sustainability
within each concept and look it just
keeps on going and going and going and
this is really really good output like
when I read this I'm like this
understands me wow I could actually do
that and I'm now in this weird position
where I can shoot fish in a barrel
because any of these opportunities will
take me forward it's incredible how much
opportunity there is folks that's what I
want you to see from this okay then when
it's still not finished there's no end
of overall output so it's a multi-part
response the power of good promt
Engineering in your custom
instructions uh look we've got to token
override that we provide that will do a
similar thing so you know look around
our group for that we do have it it's
called The Token override
modifier now it's looking at a
forward-looking strategy that con
considers long-term sustainability and
impact and I mean it's amazing work here
fostering Innovation and staying ahead
continuous learning culture cultivate a
culture of continuous learning within
your organization and so on and so on
and it's telling me how build my
organization I have some other prompts
that you can imagine that I've developed
my business model personal development
plans all from this context document
it's still not finished this is just one
one output this is the power of AI that
most people don't realize
exists uh and I'm showing you this
because I want you to see the
opportunity that AI can give you I'm not
special I'm not unique this just
understands me and gave me a strategy so
now it's talking about establishing
Global reach and influence that's
getting a bit into the future so it's
starting to lay out a plan all the way
forward and actually when you read some
of this stuff it's kind of extrapolating
where it think AI will go and creating
strategies for things that don't even
exist yet it's quite scary um and so on
now it's still not finished wow please
continue and now it wants to go and
weave a thread of resilience
adaptability and Visionary leadership
into the fabric of each Enterprise the
final layer ah we're getting to the end
emphasizes creating a dynamic ecosystem
around my Ventures and it goes through
and it gives all that this is just the
beginning now I can say this is the one
for me and I just post it post it paste
it whatever please give me this strategy
just for this as comprehensively as you
did above and boom phase
one phase
two phase three scaling innovation
diversification right that's nice oh it
doesn't say it's finished let me
continue okay if we actually go back for
a second let me quickly show you I'm
digressing see a hit here end of overall
output that's how I knew it was finished
until it does that I know it's got more
within its response and I just have to
say please continue because I programmed
my custom instructions to do this it's
how you get around all this Nerf and
woke and all the complaints people have
about cat GP disappear when you
understand Advanced prompt engineering
you don't need to understand Advanced
prompt engineering but you do need to
know how to extract good output anyway I
digress so it gives us all these phases
and we just keep continuing and it's
going into sustainability and and Legacy
Global impact and influence personal and
professional growth to show me how I can
grow through this and another conclusion
but it wants to keep going reinforcement
and expansion of community impact look
I'm hugely Mission driven so you'll see
the effort that we're putting into the
community right now uh in the last two
months has come from a lot of these sort
of uh discussions if you like with AI
enhancing platform intelligence and
personalization it's getting into the
future fostering Innovation and staying
ahead of the curve in-house R&D
collaboration with Academia it's going
really deep now uh Legacy building and
ethical leadership okay it's getting way
into the future and it's getting bit
weird scaling personal impact through
technology integration advancing Global
Outreach it just keeps on going but what
you're not realizing is it's still not
done so let's just get to the
end see we've got an end of overall
output okay so this Venture therefore
becomes more than a business it evolves
into a movement inspiring change
fostering resilience and nurturing
growth across communities and continents
through dedication
to ethical standards that's my ethics
not its ethics commitment to Global
wellbeing I want more people as as many
people as possible to survive and thrive
in the AI era and I focus on sustainable
impactful growth my legacy becomes one
of meaningful Change setting the stage
for a future with technology and
Humanity progress and Harmony lovely but
I'll show you something else you can do
so you can come up here and you can go
okay give me phase one
this is sort of a deep dive into how I
use AI by the way I've not showed you
this sort of stuff before where did
phase one go as so long there's phase
two so just grab all of phase one you
don't need to you could just tell it
phase one but I'm going to put it in
okay we're going to throw this in and
then we're just going to say uh this is
Phase
One um based on my context document
which it still has in its memory for
this chat that's good spelling
document uh please create a
detailed execution or we'll call it an
action plan action plan that outlines
every step I need to
take in order to achieve
this that'll do so hey long prompt at
the beginning and then short prompts for
followup up and wrangling with chat
GPT this is a side of chat GPT you may
not have seen you know when people go on
Reddit and they say oh tgbt is useless
it's unusable and I'm pulling out stuff
like this I'm just like I don't
understand what
do what are you missing how are you not
seeing what we're seeing okay look at
this
conceptualization conduct market
research establish a psych a
psychological framework step two
develop an AI framework what do you know
I'm very good at developing AI
Frameworks it's leaning straight into my
strengths now what you're not seeing is
all the output I've already generated
and I'm already executing in terms of
strategy and the results are off off the
planet folks like incredible this gives
me
goosebumps and what's funny is so many
people will miss this so many people
will say h doesn't have Flash video
editing it's not easy content to consume
folks the videos are going to get better
it's in the plan we're we're bringing on
video editor shortly but this is just
incredible in terms of figuring out
technology stack prototyping and do you
know what else I can do I can say
conceptualization take
this except it's not finished but I
could say hey go deeper into that but it
wants to give me more so please continue
this is the power of good prompting and
having those custom instructions by the
way if you happen to want those custom
instructions and a heap more other value
you can head over to our VIP community
on patreon I'll drop a link under this
video uh because in there we
have our full custom instructions the
ones I just showed you we give them away
in our VIP Community along with custom
GPT
guides um instructions for building
custom gpts actual custom gpts that are
exclusive to this community chat gpt's
internal instructions a cute cway oh
this is so cute let me show you this
while that that's going this is just you
know you can have fun with AI but you
know let's say uh I want to see a dragon
eating a
donut just put any character in action
this is the power of uh AI right now we
can just automate content creation this
is how I create content at scale it's
part of math version two which we're in
the middle of launching the time of
recording this we're up to module 4 and
I know I'm getting a bit distracted from
what we're here to talk about but this
is pretty
cool I just want to show you folks
what's possible with AI and to encourage
you not to buy into all the nonsense but
anyway let's have a look at this image
we'll go back and look at our
prompt okay so look at that it's okay
it's a cute kaai inspired image
generator kaai those big eyes extremely
cute and it's fun and I tell you what
scroll stopping uh some of our highest
engaged posts have Kawai inspired
imagery so we give that in our Patron
but anyway let's come back to our prompt
it's still running and look it's still
not
finished this is the joy
of really understanding so look it's
going into the full plan once it's
finished I'll then be able to come back
up here and I'll be able to edit the
prompt and say now give me two phase
three phase four and I can lay out a
very comprehensive strategy
so it is still going folks that's enough
I don't want to bore you silly but let
me tell you now ai promises to disrupt
and there's a negative side and there's
a positive side I can't make your
decisions I can't get in your head but I
can tell you that AI can and that it can
extract who you are and it can align to
you in a way that will completely
revolutionize your approach and strategy
now me since I've been leaning into this
this is only a couple of months I'm down
the road I go to the gym for the first
time in my life and I love it I I always
thought I hated gyms but I've had a
mindset shift I've learned the
importance of Health gosh I've lost so
much weight I feel amazing but if you
look at this community it's on this
growth curve again right you'll see from
our welcome posts having a bit of fun
with those showing you some different
ways of using some prompt Snippets I
think the last one was an overhyped
marketer keep an eye on those really
educational for Lear learning how to uh
change your outputs in in AI but anyway
you're seeing the results slowly but
surely um from me following these
strategies and they're so easy I love
what I do because it's wired for me it
knows what I'm good at what I suck at it
knows what I'm going to fail at it was
incredible when I was looking at the
health stuff but
anyway I won't I I could go on all night
folks I could talk about this stuff
forever I'll leave it there but I want
to encour encourage you to really take
AI seriously lean into it because there
is power at your fingertips that if
you're able to get to that level can
create massive impact on your business
and entrepreneurial Journey that will
change the trajectory of your life and
most people are sitting there
complaining that it's too woke it's
ridiculous look at what you can do with
AI folks wake up smell the es and get
ready for what's coming cuz it's coming
whether you like it or not so I don't
know if that serves as a dingdong
warning Bell I don't know if this
inspires you like it does me but I
sincerely hope that you understand after
watching this video if you have got this
far thank you but it shows you what's
truly possible with AI and we're only at
the very beginning we're in the infancy
by utilizing AI we can ride this wave
all all the way to the
top why
not can't think of a good answer for
that someone's got to why not you why
not me that's it for today folks see you
in the next one peace